.\" Copyright (C) Sander Sweers 2014 <infirit@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.TH mate-gsettings-toggle 1 "2014\-01\-17" "MATE"
.SH NAME
.B mate-gsettings-toggle
\- wrapper for MATE gsettings keys
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mate-gsettings-toggle
.RI KEY
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mate-gsettings-toggle
is a small wrapper script around the gsettings command.
.P
Gsettings does not have toggle option which mateconftool-2 and gconftool-2 did.
mate-gsettings-toggle is a small wrapper around the gsettings command which adds
toggle functionality.
.SH OPTIONS
.B mate-gsettings-toggle
takes a limited set of gsettings keys that are in the org.mate.applications-at
SCHEMA. The keys can be one of: screen-keyboard-enabled screen-magnifier-enabled
screen-reader-enabled.
.SH AUTHORS
.B mate-gsettings-toggle
is written by Sander Sweers <infirit@gmail.com>
.P
This manual was written by Sander Sweers <infirit@gmail.com> for the MATE desktop
project.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "gsettings" (1)
